adding note about requiring 3-character usernames (#986)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/saml/identity-provider-configuration-okta.html.md

    - **Name ID format** (drop-down): EmailAddress (the full name for this format in the SAML specification is `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`).
    - **Application username** (drop-down): Email

>     ~> **Important:** TFE usernames must be at least 3 characters. If Email is not used as the application username, ensure that your Okta username or other method selected contains only usernames having at least 3 characters. For example, if Email Prefix is selected and the email is Jo@domain.com, the user will not be able to login and receive the message "ERROR: Validation failed: Username must have at least 3 characters"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ~> **Important:** TFE usernames must be at least 3 characters. If Email is not used as the application username, ensure that your Okta username or other method selected contains only usernames having at least 3 characters. For example, if Email Prefix is selected and the email is Jo@domain.com, the user will not be able to log in and will receive the message "ERROR: Validation failed: Username must have at least 3 characters".
```
